Be strong and steadfast; have no fear or dread of them, for it is the Lord, your God, who marches with you; he will never fail you or forsake you 
Be on your guard, stand firm in the faith, be courageous, be strong. 
They that hope in the Lord will renew their strength, they will soar on eagles’ wings; They will run and not grow weary, walk and not grow faint 
The Lord is my shepherd, there is nothing I lack 
For we walk by faith, not by sight 
He gives power to the faint, abundant strength to the weak 
Cast all your worries upon him because he cares for you 
On the day I cried out, you answered; you strengthened my spirit 
“Come to me, all you who labor and are burdened,* and I will give you rest. 
But the Lord stood by me and gave me strength 
For I know well the plans I have in mind for you—oracle of the LORD—plans for your welfare and not for woe, so as to give you a future of hope 
When you call me, and come and pray to me, I will listen to you. When you look for me, you will find me. Yes, when you seek me with all your heart, I will let you find me 
As a mother comforts her child, so I will comfort you; in Jerusalem you shall find your comfort 
There is no fear in love, but perfect love drives out fear because fear has to do with punishment, and so one who fears is not yet perfect in love. 
Amen, I say to you, if you have faith the size of a mustard seed, you will say to this mountain, ‘Move from here to there,’ and it will move. Nothing will be impossible for you. 
Be strong and take heart, all who hope in the Lord 
“For human beings this is impossible, but for God all things are possible.” 
“Be strong and steadfast, and go to work; do not fear or be dismayed, for the LORD God, my God, is with you. He will not fail you or abandon you before you have completed all the work for the service of the house of the LORD. 
Be firm, steadfast, always fully devoted to the work of the Lord, knowing that in the Lord your labor is not in vain. 
Finally, draw your strength from the Lord and from his mighty power. Put on the armor of God so that you may be able to stand firm  
Do not fear, you shall not be put to shame; do not be discouraged, you shall not be disgraced. 
The LORD is my light and my salvation; whom should I fear? The LORD is my life’s refuge; of whom should I be afraid? 
For God did not give us a spirit of cowardice but rather of power and love and self-control. 
I command you: be strong and steadfast! Do not fear nor be dismayed, for the LORD, your God, is with you wherever you go. 
Do not fear: I am with you; do not be anxious: I am your God. I will strengthen you, I will help you, I will uphold you with my victorious right hand. 
Trust in the LORD with all your heart, on your own intelligence do not rely; In all your ways be mindful of him, and he will make straight your paths. 
“Do not be afraid; just have faith.” 